CC-33931 Merchant Commission How To (#2731)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/202407.0/marketplace/install-and-upgrade/tutorials-and-howtos/create-merchant-commission-calculator-type-plugin.md

---
title: "Create Merchant Commission Calculator Type Plugin"

> description: This articles provides details how to implement merchant commission collector rule

Reviewer: Description from another howto

template: howto-guide-template
---

This document shows how to create and register a merchant commission calculator type plugin to provide custom calculation logic for merchant commissions.

## Prerequisites

> To install the Marketplace Merchant Commission feature, follow the [Install the Marketplace Merchant Commission feature](/docs/pbc/all/order-management-system/{{page.version}}/marketplace/install-features/install-the-marketplace-merchant-commission-feature.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the Marketplace Merchant Commission feature, follow the [Install the Marketplace Merchant Commission feature](/docs/pbc/all/merchant-management/{{page.version}}/marketplace/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-marketplace-merchant-commission-feature.html).
```

Something like this, the ling doesn't work now

     * @param \Generated\Shared\Transfer\MerchantCommissionCalculationRequestTransfer $merchantCommissionCalculationRequestTransfer
     *
     * @return int
     */
    public function calculateSumPriceToPayPercentageMerchantCommissionAmount(
        MerchantCommissionTransfer $merchantCommissionTransfer,
        MerchantCommissionCalculationRequestItemTransfer $merchantCommissionCalculationRequestItemTransfer,
        MerchantCommissionCalculationRequestTransfer $merchantCommissionCalculationRequestTransfer
    ): int {
        return $this->getFactory()
            ->createSumPriceToPayPercentageMerchantCommissionCalculatorType()
            ->calculateMerchantCommissionAmount(
                $merchantCommissionTransfer,
                $merchantCommissionCalculationRequestItemTransfer,
                $merchantCommissionCalculationRequestTransfer,
            );
    }
}
```

## 4) Implement the calculator plugin

This plugin should implement the `MerchantCommissionCalculatorPluginInterface` interface and provide the logic to calculate the merchant commission amount and correct persisting and reading the merchant commission amount.

> 1. Method `getCalculatorType()` should return the type of the calculator as it will be stored in `spy_merchant_commission.calculator_plugin_type`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Method `getCalculatorType()` should return the type of the calculator as it will be stored in `spy_merchant_commission.calculator_plugin_type` database column.
```
